Setting up class with pixi (#1)
mjr-deltares/parallel-modflow-dsd23: wsl_setup.md

git clone https://github.com/mjr-deltares/parallel-modflow-dsd23.git
```

## Setting up parallel MODFLOW 6 and pixi environment

> In order to setting up you system execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to set up parallel MODFLOW 6,  execute:
```
